Privacy and Terms of Service
The Privacy and terms you agree to by using Master Packager applications and services.

Introduction
This Privacy and Terms of Service (“Privacy and Terms of Service”) govern your access to and use of Master Packager Ltd. (the “Company,” “us,” “we,” and “our”) software and services including the Master Packager Dev and any other software, services, features, products, content, applications and training offered by us from time to time (collectively the “Services”) identified in one or more agreements made available by us from time to time (each an “Access Agreement” and collectively, the “Access Agreements”).

Acceptance
By using or accessing the Services or Master Packager Dev, you accept and agree to be bound by (i) this Privacy and Terms of Service, (ii) all Access Agreements to which you are party, which are hereby incorporated herein by reference which is incorporated herein by reference (collectively referred to as the “Agreement”).

This Agreement constitutes a binding agreement between the Customer (“Customer,” “you,” and “your”) and the Company. This Agreement represents the parties’ entire understanding regarding the Services and shall govern over any prior oral or written agreement or discussions or different or additional terms or conditions of any purchase order, invoice or other non-Company ordering document. No other terms or conditions of any purchase order, invoice or other non-Company ordering document shall apply to the Services.

Changes to the Agreements
Occasionally we may, in our discretion, make changes to the Agreements. When we make material changes to the Agreements, we’ll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g. by sending you an email. If you don’t wish to continue using our Services under the new version of the Agreements, you may terminate the Agreements by emailing us at info@masterpackager.com.

Ownership
Master Packager Dev and its source code are proprietary products of Master Packager Ltd. and are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Master Packager Dev Software is licensed and not sold. You acquire only the right to use the Software and do not acquire any rights expressed or implied, in the Software other than those specified in this Agreement.

About the Software
MASTER PACKAGER DEV is a Software developed by Master Packager Ltd to help developers build Windows OS application installation files and packages.

License
Subject to your compliance with this Agreement and your payment of any applicable fees, the Company grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, worldwide right to access and use the purchased Services in accordance with the terms set out in this Agreement (the “License”).

The License is granted on a per-organization basis. A License may be used on multiple computers and operating systems, provided that only the proper registered organization of such License accesses or makes use of the applicable Services.

Licenses are non-transferable and may not be distributed, sold, rented, leased or otherwise assigned or transferred to any third party(ies).

Master Packager Dev license
A. Personal Use. A License permits the use of Master Packager Dev for free for your own, private, non-commercial purposes (“Personal Use”). For the avoidance of doubt, the use of Maser Packager Dev for the exercise of your own trade or profession for which you are compensated compensation (e.g. building application packages and installers to profit from, or .) does not qualify as Personal Use.

B. Not For Profit Use. A License permits the use of Master Packager Dev for free by registered charitable and not-for-profit organizations; provided, that such use is not in connection with non-personal Use by any other Person. This also includes open-source projects.

C. Commercial Use. In all other circumstances, a License permits the use of Master Packager Dev only after payment of all associated fees with respect to each organization of Master Packager Dev; provided, that the fees associated with a License are not required for a period of no more than fourteen (14) days for testing and evaluation purposes only. License is subscription-based, meaning that after the purchased subscription period is ended you can no longer use the software.
Commercial Use has two license types Pro and Enterprise where Enterprise license type must be purchased for organizations with more than 150 PCs or more than $1 million (or equivalent in other currencies) in annual revenue.

Master Packager subscription plans include different license types and features. For a full updated list please visit https://masterpackager.com/pricing#masterpackagerdev

Fees and Payment
Fees
You agree to pay all fees set out in an Access Agreement. All fees are non-cancellable and non-refundable and are based on Services purchased and not actual usage. Unless otherwise agreed between you and us, charges may be paid by credit card, electronic funds transfer or bank/wire transfer. For the avoidance of doubt, you shall not be entitled to any refund in the event of unused Services.

Taxes
All Fees and other amounts payable by Customer under this Agreement are exclusive of taxes and similar assessments. Customer is responsible for all sales, use, and excise taxes, and any other similar taxes, duties, and charges of any kind imposed by any federal, state, or local governmental or regulatory authority on any amounts payable by Customer hereunder, other than any taxes imposed on Company income. To the extent that the Company is required by law to pay any such taxes, duties, or other charges to any governmental or regulatory authority, the Company may invoice the Customer for such taxes, duties, or other charges and the Customer will pay such invoiced amounts in accordance with this Agreement.

Payment Terms
Unless otherwise set out in the Access Agreement, Service fees are payable at the time of entrance into an Access Agreement.

Suspension Rights
We reserve the right to immediately terminate the Services if: (i) the billing or contact information provided by you is false or fraudulent; or (ii) you fail to make any payment due within ten business days after we have provided you with notice of such failure. Any suspension of the Services by us under this section shall not relieve you of your payment obligations under this Agreement. We will not be liable to you nor to any third party for any suspension of the Services resulting from your non-payment of fees.

Payment
Bank/Wire transfer
By choosing the invoice payment method you will receive an advance invoice to be paid prior to license assigning. After the advance invoice is paid and we have received the payment, we will assign a license during the next 24 business hours. You will receive a confirmation email. Advance and Tax invoices will be available in the Master Packager website account.

Card
By choosing the Card payment method you’ll be able to pay using a credit card. After the payment is done, license(s) will be automatically assigned to you.

All license costs are indicated on the invoice and must be paid with all applicable taxes included.

All Invoices and purchased licenses are available under your Master Packager website account at any time or you can reach out to info@masterpackager.com for us to send you invoices personally.

Restrictions
The following restrictions are not permitted for any reasons whatsoever.

The Software is licensed, not sold. This agreement gives you limited rights to use the Software only. Master Packager Ltd. reserves all other rights. Unless an applicable law gives you more rights despite this Agreement, you may use the Software only as expressly permitted in this Agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations of the Software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.

You may not:
Disclose the results of any benchmark tests of the Software to any third party without Master Packager Ltd. prior written approval.
Work around any technical limitations of the Software.
Reverse engineer, decompile, modify, or disassemble the Software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation.
Make more copies of the Software than specified in this Agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation.
Publish the Software for others to copy.
Use the Software for malicious purposes.
Rent, lease, sublicense, or lend the Software.
Remove any copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property notices contained on or provided through the Master Packager Ltd. and Master Packager.
Provide your password to any other User or use any other User’s username and password.
Transfer the Software, any part of the Software, or the rights provided herein to any third party.
Warranty Disclaimer
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS, COPYRIGHT HOLDERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE, THE USE, OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

THE USER MUST ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK OF USING THE SOFTWARE. Master Packager Ltd. ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES, DIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL, WHICH MAY RESULT FROM USE OF THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF Master Packager Ltd. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ANY LIABILITY OF THE SELLER WILL BE LIMITED TO REFUND THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE LICENSE UNDER WHICH THE SOFTWARE IS USED.

License period
A license is effective until terminated. You may terminate the license at any time by destroying the Software, together with all copies thereof. This license will also terminate if you fail to comply with any term or condition of this Agreement. Upon such termination, you agree to destroy the Software, together with all its copies thereof.

HeadingUse of information provided by Users in Master Packager Content
We collect and process the bare minimum of your personal data to help us provide you with the products and services you request.

We collect the following information you have provided during the registration on our site:

Name and surname
Company name, registration number, address, and VAT number
Email address
Acceptance to Cookies on masterpackager.com
Use of information provided by Users on Master Packager Dev Software
We collect and process the bare minimum of your personal data to help us provide and improve the products and services you request. Information also is required to evaluate the license data when connected to the internet.

We collect the following information you have provided during the registration on our site:

Email address
Upon launching the Master Packager Dev Software, we may collect:

Email address the license is registered to
Workstation title
User city, state or province, and country or region
During the Master Packager Dev Software use, we may collect following information about the built packages/installers to ensure license terms are met:

PackageOutputTypes
PackageName
PackagePublisher
Full information on data collected through the Microsoft Application Insights, that Master Packager Software uses for license validation, can be found under the Azure Monitor Documentation.

HeadingInformation security: how we protect your privacy
We protect the security of your information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) which encrypts the information you input.

We do not display, sell, or transfer any of your provided information to third parties.

We use Microsoft Azure and their protection policies for the data we have collected on the Software.

Processing methods
These are the processing methods we use for collected data:

View
Collect
Store
Erase
Collected data from Software is stored and processed in Azure West-Europe. We store collected information from Software for 730 days after which it is automatically deleted.

Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or you want us to delete all your data that we have collected, please contact us at info@masterpackager.com.

Copyright © 2023 Master Packager Ltd.
